update Synthetics troubleshooting docs (#23354)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/troubleshooting/_index.md

Automated browsers do not support emulating the CSS `pointer` media feature. Browser tests have `pointer: none` for all tests and devices (laptop, tablet, or mobile).

### Resource duration

#### A resource is of a longer duration than the actual step duration

> It is possible for long loading resources to spill over multiple steps. Inside a test result's step, Datadog will return all resources being instantiated on that particular step, however we wait up to approximately 20 seconds for important network calls to finish. After that, the synthetics worker will move on to the next step. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Long-loading resources may span across multiple steps. Within a test result's step, Datadog returns all resources initiated during that specific step. However, we allow roughly 20 seconds for important network calls to finish. After this period, the synthetics worker proceeds to the subsequent step.
```
Re-wording this some to shorten the sentence and for better flow.

Author: That looks great Alicia! Thanks a lot !
